overview:
 - what is reinforcement learning
 - The Bellman Equation
 - The Plan 
 - Markov Decision Processes
 - Policy vs Plan
 - Adding a "Living Penalty" 
 - Q-learning intuition
 - Temporal Difference
 - Q-learning visualisation


Reinforcement Learning
 - An agent takes action on an environment, its state is uttered based on the actions as a reward.

Bellman eqaution
    Richard Ernest bellman came with the concept of dynamic programming which is now has the bellman Equation.

    research paper: The theory of dynamic programming 1954

    - s -> state
    - a -> action
    - R -> reward
    - γ -> Discount

    V(s) = max(R(s,a) + γV(s^1))

    S^1 - the value of the previous state

Q-learning visualisation
    material: ai.berkley.edu/home.html
    resource: The pack man

Markov decision processes

    - markov process
    A Markov chain or Markov process is a stochastic model describing a sequence of possible events in which the probability 
    of each event depends only on the state attained in the previous event

    - markov decision process
    It provides a mathematical framework for modeling decision making in situations where outcomes are partly random and partly 
    under the control of a decision maker.

    - application of markov decision process
        1. Population harvesting 
        2. Agriculture 
        3. Water processes 
        4. Inspection, maintenance and repair 
        5. Purchasing, inventory and production
        6. Finance and investment 
        7. Queues 
        8. Sales promotion
        9. Search 
        10. Motor insurance claims
        11. Overbooking
        12. Epidemics
        11. Credit
        12. Sports 
        13. patients admissions 
        14. Locations 
        15. Design of Experiments
        16. General

    AI planning and policy
      planing:
      Planning is a long-standing sub-area of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Planning is the task of finding a procedural course of action for a declaratively described system to reach 
      its goals while optimizing overall performance measures.
      
      policy:
        Policy is a definite course or method of action selected from among alternatives and in light of given conditions to guide and determine present and future decisions. Whereas, Plan is a detailed 
        formulation of a program of actions to achieve the objective.

